thanks Richard new at 10:00 for its
night new development it's coming to the
intersection of Lurleen and University
Boulevard but that new construction has
many business owners and residents
questioning if this will be good for
downtown Tuscaloosa w8 23 Jabari Pruitt
joins us live in the studio with more
and Jabari what are people saying about
this new development
what Tameka many residents say this
could be a good thing but others say
they would like to see another type of
business rather than more apartments a
year ago when driving from Northport
into Tuscaloosa you immediately saw a
total of six businesses at the corner of
University and Lurleen Wallace Boulevard
today these businesses are no more
District one City Councilwoman Phyllis
Oldham says the City Council approved
the location to be the future home for a
new downtown business it's supposed to
be like upscale condos with really
unique retail businesses on the bottom
floor it won't be like the high-rise
skyscrapers we didn't actually Hodges is
a beautician at image-makers on the
corner of University and Lurleen she
says the city doesn't need any more
apartments we have plenty that are not
filled and we have yet to have any new
restaurants go in anything else that we
knew builds that we've had going on but
she says has been a plus to the downtown
developments these apartments right here
have helped our business tremendously
people like being able to walk from
their apartments over here to get their
hair done and it's they like that being
able to walk many residents say they are
excited about the progress has been made
in downtown the city is growing and with
it comes change for instance is becoming
more walkable people can go to lots of
restaurants and they can go to the
amphitheater to see concerts and shows
but she does have concerns
no one's gonna live there if they're not
fulfilling those other promises now
Councilwoman Phyllis Odom says the
developer will be given an update during
tomorrow's Care Council meeting but for
now reporting live from the studio
Jabari prayer WVU a 23 news